I am sometimes twice a day
now you know across the series I've been
obsessed with scrambled eggs and 13
billion of download to the recipe but we
cannot change it up we're catching this
Alaskan king yes yes thanks
so go super quick so you got one hat for
each name sometimes twice a day
sometimes twice a day
change your hair twice a day seriously
depends on the weather
they've only maybe sunny I just want
seriously
so just literally like that but some a
little touch of cream so that lovely and
now a short Deena's you want to say
exactly that in such a song that's it
thank you little small bits
[Applause]
and then I'm gonna put that on the plate
flakes on top that has to be beautiful
alaskan scrambled eggs let me know in
the comments what you think of that
amazing scrambled egg dish and if you
missed uncharted trust me you can watch
it on the link below or on the NatGeo
app